Coconut oil for constipation / haemorrhoids / fissures - Can be both eaten and applied directly. Has both lubricating and anti-inflammatory properties.Works really well for kids with hard, painful motions who can develop fear of toileting.

Post viral cough often responds really well to brown inhalers - inhaled corticosteroids and hypertonic saline nebs do wonders in reducing frequency and severity of viral coughs. Most acute coughs go on for 3-4 weeks and antibiotics rarely help if there are no focal signs. 
- I occasionally use ICS in post-viral coughs. If it's been going on for >6 weeks, the CXR is normal, and I've ruled out GORD/PND, I just give it a go for 4-6 weeks. I've generally found ipratropium to be a waste of time, but had great success with ICS.

Always consider compression (even athletic compression instead of proper class I stockings) + increase water intake + lots of zero carb electrolyte tabs in all this water for postural hypotension

Positive psychology trick for gratitude journaling: focus on the things you always find difficult and practice being grateful for them. Silver linings are always there. 

Obesity is a disease. Corporations spend billions on food like objects that hack your brain into addiction. Eating less isn’t how you start tackling obesity, you start by trying to go as UPF-free as possible (as the situation allows of course). Chris Van Tulleken’s Christmas lectures (YouTube and iPlayer) are a great starting point

Colon, breast and prostate cancer: up to 48% reduction in mortality just by more physical activity. More is better till effect plateaus at around 600 mins per week of moderate intensity activity. Live Well and Better Health are great NHS resources to start with

Cryotherapy can help modulate pain in those weird pain syndromes

Wim Hof breathing improves VO2 kinetics and aerobic endurance. Longer breath holds improve EPO so super useful for asthma/COPD in the long run. Breathwork in general is fascinating and applies to a variety of scenarios, from panic attacks to altitude sickness

Low carb UPF free plant based diets easily reverse diabetes in the earlier stages, definitely help more than any other single intervention in the latter ones. Beware starting without diabetic review for meds though - don’t want to cause hypos

Magnesium supplements etc can help sleep quality. 

Investing in a high quality mattress and sleep hygiene is probably most helpful though
check motivation to change with a quick 0-10 rating. If they’re below 7, they’re probably not going to change their behaviour so postpone your spiel

From the Europeans, start both ramipril and amlodipine at the same time for high bp in certain patients - found that using ramipril + amlodipine together allows a lower dose of each to be used and reduces side effects - lercanidipine instead of amlodipine, then start the ramipril a week later (European journal of cardiology)

Topical magnesium for restless legs. - Recommended to a few patients who have told me the next time I saw them that it worked wonders. There's spray, lotion, or epsom salt baths.

D-mannose supplements for preventing recurring UTIs (it's a sugar type molecule that binds to E-coli in the bladder).

Steroid inhaler to the skin before applying a patch like Evorel if they report sensitivities!!!! - learnt it from a palliative care nurse for bunov patches. Cream will stop the patch from sticking.

For aphthous mouth ulcers if Hydrocort tablets are out of stock you can try prescribing an inhaled corticosteroid like Clenil Modulite and just ask them to gargle with it. - Also can use steroid eyedrops (seen Max-fax do this..), steroid nasal spray to use over the counter if needed. 2 good sprays directly on it 4 times a day works well

Metformin + Glic for rapid reduction in HBA1C before taking them off Glic, esp if osmotic symptoms 

AIR is now recommended as first line in more mild symptoms (SABA alone totally gone). It then escalates to MART and only at moderate MART is a LTRA or LAMA introduced.Also, can now confirm diagnosis with raised eosinophil count and sx suggestive of asthma.

if egfr>45, then to reduce SU by 50% and insulin by 20% when starting SGLT2 when HbA1c is <58 or within 10mmol/mol of target HbA1c.

Low iron or folate without anaemia we generally advise patient re OTC supplementation and NHS advice on iron/folate rich food. IDA- depends on the age, as per guidelines; if a woman under 30s with TATT/palps presentation just prescribe it.